hi Rosie friends it's Julie and today
I'm going to be talking about the Celtic
complexion gentle cream exfoliant it
looks like this and this is the size
that was sent to me it's the trial size
and it came in the love your skin travel
kit i will put a link to that video
where i unboxed it right here so that
you can check out everything that i was
sent to test out this is not a sponsored
video it's an honest review i have tried
everything that i'm talking about today
on my own skin I was sent an information
booklet along with this product and it
says the gentle cream exclusive
exfoliant the rich cream combines with
gentle micro-sized mahoba beads provides
a spa quality exfoliation without
stripping or harming or even the most
delicate skin rooibos tea extract
infuses skin with a powerful antioxidant
a low soothes the skin while coconut
mahoba olive and avocado oils nourish
and hydrate the skin proprietary blend
of essential oils evokes a sense of calm
and well-being this is a favorite of men
and teens it is also a favorite of Julie
I liked it a lot which is very shocking
because I have not used an exfoliating
product in a very long time because
every single thing that I've tried
whether it has been something with
little beads in it and I don't use the
plastic ones anymore by the way those
have been gone for a long time I just
for anybody leaves me in comments I
don't use anything with plastic beads
anywhere on me but yeah this has
probably isn't it this is not plastic
this will not hurt the environment or
kill fish or things like that this is
the first exfoliant I've used in a very
long time either using the little beads
or using chemical because those have
always irritated my skin far far too
much they've caused flare-ups or they've
just caused so much irritation and
discomfort and I know that's problem I
think so I have stopped using it but i
was told that absolutely everything i
was sent was safe for rosacea prone skin
so i thought i will take a risk i am a
rosacea geek and guinea pig
self-proclaimed so I may as well give
this a try
and see what happens and I absolutely
love it I'm so thrilled I have wanted to
be able to start with an exfoliant again
but I have been too afraid to try
anything else after a lot of bad
experiences even with some really great
products so as you can see i have
purchased a full-size product as well
and i will continue to use this i use it
one time every week i just use a small
amount of it on my fingers and massage
it very very gently into my skin I tend
to focus a little bit more on the areas
that don't have rosacea than those that
do but I do use it on my entire face
including on the rosacea prone areas
when I use it my skin is a little bit
red at first um that's just because my
skin is red after i wash my face so it
does have some redness it's normally
gone inside of a half hour so I
generally just put it I just use it on
Saturday nights or sometime you know
basically at the end of the day when I
have a little bit more time it's not
it's not after a long day of work where
I just don't feel like doing anything so
saturday after I've been doing whatever
I've been doing all day long part of my
unwinding before bed I use that and sort
of give myself a little bit of a spa
experience so the exfoliant um even on
rosacea prone skin i found that it was
absolutely fantastic I like it a lot I
will continue to use it that's why I did
replace it and i love that it does not
have plastic beads in it i hope you
liked this video i hope it helps you out
if you are if you are wanting to give
this product to try as well in the
sample form as opposed to buying it in
the full size it is in the love your
skin travel kit it might be in some of
the other ones too but those ones i did
not receive if I find out that it has it
isn't some other ones as well then I
will put it somewhere on the screen or
in the description below but if you're
curious about all of the ingredients in
this then i will put those in a link in
the description below as well so they're
easy to find and you hope that you like
this video if you did please give it a
big thumbs up and if you want to see
more videos like this then I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Sunday and Thursday and but
that's not a goof you next time
you